# Team-14-Senior-Design-Project
Overview:
The Augmented Reality (AR) climbing wall is an improvement of the current implementation at Natick mall at Level99. Instead of using skeletal tracking through the Xbox Kinect to detect where the players are on the wall, we use a mechanical button on a hold apparatus, a compartment between the hold and the wall with the necessary wire coils for it to operate. When the player puts their hand on the wall they will push the button and send a voltage to the raspberry pi to indicate that the corresponding hold has been pressed. The raspberry pi will then update a file of 1s and 0s (1 = hold is being pressed, 0 = hold is not pressed) and update the game according to the inputs from the raspberry pi. The file is an array similar to how they are set up on the board. This will be extrapolated further in the hardware ReadMe file. The game will then be taken in this array of 1s and 0s and update the corresponding holds in the game that is being played.

HardWare Highlights:
We are using a multiplexing system to update groups of holds in a specified cycle. It will check the status of the groups and update the input file accordingly then move on to the next group. In the current model each hold is updated individually as their own group. In a real AR wall they would each represent their own group of holds. This was done in order to overcome the limitation of having twenty input ports on the raspberry pi for a fifty hold wall (or more). 
	When input from the raspberry pi was recorded, we noticed that there was still voltage reading even when a hold was not being pressed. We used a voltage comparator to determine if the voltage reading was above a threshold of five Volts. We used a voltage amplifier to increase the voltage reading from the holds that were being pressed to above the threshold.
	We conceived the idea of having wireless power transfer for the operation of the holds. We successfully created the functionality. This required a bit of research on our parts about how it works and creating the necessary parts of the hardware. We want to increase the distance that the power can travel across, so that it is more stable and consistent when we use them on the AR climbing wall. We have a working prototype of the powerless transfer with the holds and the apparatus containing the wiring all put together. The next step would be to increase the power transfer so that it is able to properly operate on the wall.

Software Highlights:
	When developing the game, we noticed one important problem with the current model of the AR wall at Level 99. People were playing a 2-player ping pong game and often had to deal with the ball passing through the players body despite their hands being on the wall. It came apparent that the game was not taking into account the space between where the player had their hands on the wall. This is why we made sure to create a quadrilateral box between the holds that the player has their hand on. Then program the necessary collision interactions for the game.
	An important roadblock that came up was trying to get the game to appear on the UNITY engine. We had to construct a reverse proxy server. It allows for more control on how information is transferred between the user and the client (the Raspberry Pi and Unity respectively). This will be thoroughly described in the software ReadMe file.
	Other things like the response time of the hold’s buttons being pressed and the game updating that they have been pressed being significantly larger when the game is played on the wall versus when playing on the Unity engine. This problem has not been completely resolved yet.
	There were plans to use other types of sensors like pressure sensors for example but decided to reserve the idea until we get a proper working prototype where all parts worked. Using a less obtrusive sensor would be ideal for accuracy in sensing when the opponent is actually on the hold. It would also make the game more enjoyable to play knowing they don’t have to press the button in order for the game to detect where they are on the wall.
